#KNIGHT MARKET

 For students to sell unwanted items - such as furniture or textbooks- and buy or search for items they need, they would need a platform. While there are other apps like Facebook Marketplace or eBay out there that do this, they pose far more expensive prices and a greater distance to travel. What students need is a platform with the increased opportunity to quickly and easily sell their unwanted items, search for and buy items, and communicate with local students to receive their items from a physically shorter distance. With the natural barrier of distance eliminated, we hope it will encourage a practice of buying secondhand.

Our platform will be easily allow sellers to post items they want to sell. Sellers are able to post multiple pictures of their items, a title, a description, a price, and an email or phone number for contact information. An anonymous rating system will be put in place to ensure the good behavior of sellers and connect buyers to trustworthy sellers they can count on. Buyers will be able to use our search engine to find the specific item(or category of items) they seek to buy with ease. Filters will be built into the search engine to limit the time a buyer has to spend locating the item they want. Both buyers and sellers will require to login to make an account, using their calvin emails so the network of buyers and sellers is limited to those within the Calvin space.

BENEDICTO ELPIDIUS, ANTONIO SEPULVEDA, DANIEL KWON, OGHENESUVWE OGEDEGBE, SEONGRIM CHOI
